docs(decorators): fix TypeScript inconsistency (#6224)
fastify/fastify: docs/Reference/TypeScript.md

}
```

> ### Decorators

Reviewer: I think it should be part of `### Plugins`, but it need to be rework.

> Fastify's decorator system allows you to extend the Fastify instance, request, and

Reviewer 2: I know the original docs had it, but could you please remove the [second-person "you" usage](https://fastify.dev/docs/latest/Guides/Style-Guide/#when-to-avoid-the-second-person-you-as-the-pronoun) throughout this?

  }
  interface FastifyReply {
    sendSuccess: SendSuccessFn
  }
}
```

This approach modifies the Fastify instance globally, which may lead to conflicts
and inconsistent behavior in multi-server setups or with plugin encapsulation.

Using `getDecorator<T>` allows limiting types scope:

```typescript
serverOne.register(async function (fastify) {
  const usersRepository = fastify.getDecorator<PostgreUsersRepository>(
    'usersRepository'
  )

  fastify.decorateRequest('session', null)
  fastify.addHook('onRequest', async (req, reply) => {
    req.setDecorator('session', { user: 'Jean' })
  })

  fastify.get('/me', (request, reply) => {
    const session = request.getDecorator<ISession>('session')
    reply.send(session)
  })
})

serverTwo.register(async function (fastify) {
  const usersRepository = fastify.getDecorator<SqlLiteUsersRepository>(
    'usersRepository'
  )

  fastify.decorateReply('sendSuccess', function (data) {
    return this.send({ success: true })
  })

  fastify.get('/success', async (request, reply) => {
    const sendSuccess = reply.getDecorator<SendSuccessFn>('sendSuccess')
    await sendSuccess()
  })
})
```

**Bound Functions Inference**

> To save time, it's common to infer function types instead of writing them manually:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To save time, it is common to infer function types instead of writing them manually:
```
